README.md, before:

# dividendcalc
This is not financial advice 
Always talk to a professional FA before investing
By using either the Spreadsheet and or this python code you assume the reponsibility for it
Either myself, or any company I work for are not responsible for your investment choices

This gathers data from the web (that is publically available) 
It uses many yahoo financial web scrapers to python 
This now reads from Google "Sheets" - I will update my google sheet when i run this.
On the information page you will see last date/time it ran.
You can copy this sheet, you wont have read access..

There are a few things you need to do (Besides downloading a TON of python libraries..


I did not create test scripts for it (thats is later)
I did not create classes - as this is just done quickly (its on my to do list)

Any comments let me know - i may expand update as needed.

Currently there is no Try/Catch - will add this at some point - 
I also am not posting my Credentials/Token etc. json files you need to figure that out yourself..

To get running 
Download and install Pyhton (3.10 or better) please google and install for your OS
pip (or pip3) insall the following.

gspread
google
pydrive
yfinance
yahoofinancials
numpy
finvizfinance
yahoo_fin
warnings
pandas

I apologize if I missed any..  You will also need to create a google project/credentials...  for this project this is the best documentation
https://medium.com/@jb.ranchana/write-and-append-dataframes-to-google-sheets-in-python-f62479460cf0

Sorry why re-write what someone did... 
On the copied spreadsheet you need to make sure you do step 3 (share your spreadsheet with your ID) 

Things for me to do..
Add stuff like get future dividend information from dividend history 
Error Handling 
Break into a full project (vs just a single file) 
Add analysis calculator

Commit message:

update for note on sto.py

README.md, after:

# dividendcalc
This is not financial advice 
Always talk to a professional FA before investing
By using either the Spreadsheet and or this python code you assume the reponsibility for it
Either myself, or any company I work for are not responsible for your investment choices

This gathers data from the web (that is publically available) 
It uses many yahoo financial web scrapers to python 
This now reads from Google "Sheets" - I will update my google sheet when i run this.
On the information page you will see last date/time it ran.
You can copy this sheet, you wont have read access..

There are a few things you need to do (Besides downloading a TON of python libraries..


I did not create test scripts for it (thats is later)
I did not create classes - as this is just done quickly (its on my to do list)

Any comments let me know - i may expand update as needed.

Currently there is no Try/Catch - will add this at some point - 
I also am not posting my Credentials/Token etc. json files you need to figure that out yourself..

To get running 
Download and install Pyhton (3.10 or better) please google and install for your OS
pip (or pip3) insall the following.

gspread
google
pydrive
yfinance
yahoofinancials
numpy
finvizfinance
yahoo_fin
warnings
pandas

I apologize if I missed any..  You will also need to create a google project/credentials...  for this project this is the best documentation
https://medium.com/@jb.ranchana/write-and-append-dataframes-to-google-sheets-in-python-f62479460cf0

Sorry why re-write what someone did... 
On the copied spreadsheet you need to make sure you do step 3 (share your spreadsheet with your ID) 

Note sto.py is something i need to figure out what to do with (why its still here)

Things for me to do..
Add stuff like get future dividend information from dividend history 
Error Handling 
Break into a full project (vs just a single file) 
Add analysis calculator
